# V1.0 - Released 2/19/24

This Python program will append your calculated ratings to an AI roster, as well as randomizing stats for optimism, aggression, smoothness, strategy riskiness, and pit crew skill. The randomized stats are based on the driver's calculated rating, assuming you are using the default normalization values. If you edit your normalization values, you will need to adjust what values are assigned to high, medium, and low skills to match. By default drivers with a skill rating between 90 - 100 will be assigned the high skill rating, 80 - 89 will be assigned the medium skill rating, and 70 - 79 will be assigned the low skill rating. The different skill ratings each have their own minimum and maximums for each of the stats, they can all be adjusted to better suit your needs.

## Requirements

- Python version 3.0+
- Calculated rating file in the Ratings folder
- iRacing AI roster .json file in the iRacing Rosters folder

## Using the program

1. When you have your files ready, run the program.
2. Enter the name of the iRacing AI roster you want to edit.
3. Enter the name of the text file generated by the Driver Rating Calculator program.
4. The program will attempt to append calculated ratings and randomize stats for all drivers in the AI roster. All drivers the program was able to locate in both the .json and .txt files will be displayed with their calculated rating, and all drivers not found in the .txt file will be displayed in a list. If a driver is not found in the .txt file, that driver's stats will not be edited.